Feature/update rtl info muiv5 (#538)
brightlayer-ui/doc-it: src/docs/patterns/internationalization.mdx

## React

> There are many JS libraries available to help internationalize your applications. We recommend using [react-i18next](https://github.com/i18next/react-i18next) to manage your translations. If you are supporting right-to-left languages, you should also carefully follow the guide from [MUI](https://mui.com/guides/right-to-left). If you are using JSS with MUI v5, you can follow [RTL example](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/issues/24803#issuecomment-774686550) to fix existing application's RTL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many JS libraries available to help internationalize your applications. We recommend using [react-i18next](https://github.com/i18next/react-i18next) to manage your translations. If you are supporting right-to-left languages, you should also carefully follow the guide from [MUI](https://mui.com/guides/right-to-left). If you are using JSS styles with MUI v5, you can follow this [RTL example](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/issues/24803#issuecomment-774686550) to fix issues with certain styles not being flipped correctly.
```
